
Strategy to consolidate all of our existing archives
into a smaller pool by removing duplicates.

Preparation:
  1. Create 2 new archiving strategies / pools / 
     applications / whatever you call them.
     - a 'backup' strategy for work in progress and 
       incremental backups.
     - an 'archive' strategy for completed projects.
       (this strategy should be written twice - one
        for offsite storage).
  2. Once the 2 new strategies are created, lock the
     current ones that we are consolidating so that
     hopefully there are no changes to the data on 
     the atempo side. 
  2. Now that that everything is locked, get a list
     of all the cartridges in the pools we want to 
     consolidate using tina_cart_control and store 
     the information in the mysql db.
  3. Get a list of all files contained on each cartridge
     using tina_listcart and store the information in
     the mysql db.

  * The mysql db gives us much faster access to the atempo
    data as well as giving us the ability to add and 
    manipulate fields we will use to keep track of
    the consolidation progress.

Steps...
Iterate through all of the tapes, starting with tape 1:

  1. Get a list of all the files on the tape from the db.
  2. Generate a list of projects from the list of files.
  3. Check to see if this project exists in a more recent
     'application'. If so we can disregard it, but probably 
      should not mark it as 'restored' since it has not
      passed our 'sanity check' (step 7).
  4. For each project in the list use tina_find to get the
     cartridges we need to restore from.
  5. Since tina_find gives us cartridge 'labels', use tina_cart_control
     to resolve the labels into our barcodes.
  6. Use tina_restore to restore each project into our recover directory.
  7. Scan the restored projects and do a sanity check against the database.
     The 'database' is the detailed output of tina_listcart stored in our
     mysql database. Pretty much all I have to go on is the modification date
     and the byte count. The byte count may differ slightly do to 
     filesystem parameters.
  8. For each file that passes our sanity check mark that file as 
     'restored' in our database.
  9. Once all of the projects on the current tape are processed,
     that tape should be able to be recycled.


